# Overte Scripts

The project contains an example world for the [Overte VR](https://overte.org/). The repository was created as part of learning how to write scripts and use blender.

## Games

There are several games included within this world:

1. **Dixit** - each turn, one player is the storyteller, chooses one of the six cards in their hand, then makes up a sentence based on that card's image players. Images have been generated by AI and are in no way related to the original Dixit game.

2. **Codenames** - a word game, which is divided into red and blue, each side has a team leader. The game uses an unofficial word list.

3. **Sudoku** - fill board with the distinct digits between 1 and 9.

## Installation

To add a game to your world, simply import the json file from the corresponding game directory, for example [dixit.json](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/keeshii/overte-dixit/master/dixit/dixit.json). Open the Create App from the toolbar, the click on the button "Import Entities from a URL". This file defines the minimum number of objects needed to run the game.

The [world.json](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/keeshii/overte-dixit/master/world.json) file additionally contains a skybox and a room with chairs. Both of these files were exported from blender with the `io_export_overte` plugin. You will find the blender source files in the `blender` folder.

## Unit tests

To run unit tests and lint, nodejs dependencies must be installed.

```
npm install
```

Then run the `test` script:

```
npm run test
npm run lint
```

### License

The folding chairs are CC licensed by sleepyjoshua,

The AI generated image was downloaded from here:
https://boardgamegeek.com/filepage/245182/fanexpansion-card-pack-dixit

All other files are under the MIT license.
